Misc minor edits from reviewing cel2 docs before baklava migration (#1695)
celo-org/docs: docs/cel2/operators/run-node.md

   percentage reaches 100%, the node should be synced.
6. At this point, you should be able to validate the progression of the node by
   fetching the current block number via the RPC API and seeing that it is

>    increasing (e.g. `cast block-number --rpc-url http://localhost:8545`). Note that until fully synced, the RPC API will return 0 for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   block number via the RPC API and seeing that it is increasing (e.g. `cast block-number --rpc-url http://localhost:9993`).
```

The host port that is mapped to op-geth's 8545 is 9993.
